Structure

```
├── .Rprofile
├── .gitignore
├── README.md
├── analysis
├── data
├── etl
├── publish
├── scratch
├── viz
```

.Rprofile

    Stores environment variables for local R projects.

.gitignore

    Ignores packrat and R user profile temporary files.

README.md

    Project-specific readme with boilerplate for data projects.
    Includes sourcing details and places to explain how to replicate/remake the project.

analysis

    R code that involves analysis on already-cleaned data. Code for cleaning data should go in etl.
        Multiple analysis files are numbered sequentially.
        If we are sharing the data, last analysis script is called make_dw_files.R to write_csv to public folder.
    analysis/archive
        Any analyses for story threads that are no longer being investigated are placed here for reference.
    analysis/markdown
        Any R Markdown files go here.

data

    data/documentation
        Documentation on data files should go here - data dictionaries, manuals, interview notes.
    data/handmade
        Manually created data sets by reporters go here.
    data/html_reports
        Any HTML reports or pages generated by code should go here. These are usually RMarkdown reports for sharing with reporters.
    data/processed
        Data that has been processed by scripts in this project and is clean and ready for analysis goes here.
    data/public
        Public-facing data files (i.e., final datasets we share with reporters/make accessible) go here - data files which are 'live'.
    data/source
        Original data from sources goes here.

etl

    ETL (extract, transform, load) scripts for reading in source data and cleaning and standardizing it to prepare for analysis go here.
        Multiple etl files are numbered.
        Joins are included in etl process.
        Last step of ETL process is to output an RDS file to data/processed.
            naming convention: etl_WHATEVERNAME.rds

publish

    This directory holds all documents in the project that will be public facing (e.g. data.world RMarkdown files).

scratch

    This directory contains scratch materials that will not be used in the project at the end.
    Common cases are filtered tables or quick visualizations for reporters.
    This directory is not tracked in git.

viz

    Graphics and visualization development specific work such as web interactive code should go here.

